+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-04-22 21:52 +0200"
mood = 6
+++

I've started redesigning my website and got back to streaming the work I do. I won't lie, it still feels like I could be doing much more, but it's progress, and that's what matters. I generally tend to have a negative attitude, and that causes more harm than good. Recognizing my progress is crucial for improving.

Yesterday, I ordered `AOC Q27B3CF2` monitor for $230 and brought it home today. It's big - 27 inches, to be exact - with 1440p resolution. I've wanted a good monitor for a long time. I spend a huge amount of time on my PC, so improving the experience seems reasonable (that's the same reason I got into the ergonomic keyboard hobby, btw). Such a huge usable area should drastically increase comfort during programming, as it can fit much more code on screen at once, and thus make the job more enjoyable. Technically, it's an investment in my working environment meant to increase my efficiency, yet I feel kinda conflicted about the decision. Buying anything that expensive without a stable income just makes me feel bad and doubt if it was even rational.

Recently, I've really been thinking about this. The main problem isn't that I spend money, but that I don't earn it. Isn't it? Like, I don't throw money around, and I think through any purchase thoroughly. Spending less won't create a positive monthly income, and not having one is the main problem. It's much better to focus my time on trying to earn money rather than just trying to save it. Yeah, I think that's a good way to put it.