+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-05-25 23:20 +0200"
mood = 8
+++

Today I arrived in Budapest. I really enjoyed the trip here. It was a 6-hour bus ride, and I spent most of it listening to music and thinking about everything. For some reason, I had so many interesting thoughts and reasoning chains during this ride. I can recall how profound the experience felt, but unfortunately, I can't remember everything that was going through my mind. I regret not immediately noting down that stream of thoughts.

However, I do remember that one of the topics was human rationality. I noticed that way too often, I try to simulate and predict others' behavior based on the assumption that people always act rationally. It just happens automatically. But the truth is that we are usually non-deterministic. Quite often we make irrational decisions and simply ignore any common sense. Keeping that in mind could improve my day-to-day decision-making, and also help me not judge other people so harshly.

Another cool thing from today was my stream. Yeah, even though I'm far from home, I brought everything I needed and streamed from the apartment here. To be absolutely honest, I'm really proud of myself. Yeah, it all wasn't actually that hard, but it wouldn't have been a problem if I'd just skipped one week, especially considering that on average I only have a few viewers on my broadcasts. Nevertheless, I kept streaming even in such sub-optimal conditions and proved to myself my dedication to the things I truly value and enjoy.