+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-03-24 07:35 +0100"
mood = 6
+++

I will probably stay in Prague for a while. I still want to move to another country, but it seems like now is not a great time to do that. Comparing all the pros and cons, I concluded that there are many more trade-offs than I originally expected. I won't lie, I'm a bit upset about that, but there are also things that make me feel better about it. I can try to fully invest myself in creating a custom keyboard shop, as I don't have to worry that I'll have to move and have a big setback. I'm actually pretty thrilled about this idea. I need to get all the documents for it done ASAP, and give it a try.

Also, I've decided to remove titles and summaries from diary entries. They are just way too overwhelming considering I'm writing an entry per day. I have an idea for a new diary page design, in the form of a calendar. The number of entries is accumulating so fast, having them in one huge scrolling feed seems increasingly unreasonable. All new entries will be written without titles, while older ones will preserve them in the markdown files, but they will not be shown on the website.

I have a lot of stuff to do, but most of the time I procrastinate instead of doing it. That's a problem, but I'm working on it every day, so it will eventually be solved. Reminding myself how fulfilling those deep and meaningful activities are helps a lot in getting back to them. Also, I've noticed that forcing myself to do something always leads to less effectiveness and more frustration. The great approach is to not force yourself to do something useful, but rather forbid useless activities. That way you only deal with one problem - an urge to do something meaningless, rather than also trying to stay focused on something you have to do. Sooner or later, the brain becomes bored and suddenly, even difficult activities seem much more appealing.