+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-04-26 10:32 +0200"
mood = 8
+++

I’m on my way to Vienna right now. I'm going to visit my old friend Artem, as it's his birthday today. He mentioned he doesn't really want anything specific for a gift and wouldn't mind if I didn't bring one, or if it was just something small.

My original plan was to gift him a keychain with a small MX key switch – it's cute and doubles as a great little fidget toy. However, yesterday I got another, maybe better, idea: I could 3D print a pocket chess set for him! "What a great idea," I thought, and got to work around midday.

Fast forward to midnight, and all I had to show for my efforts were several warped, layer-shifted, and broken pieces of plastic. I'd never tried multicolour printing before, and it turns out there are a lot of caveats. Or perhaps it's just really easy to mess things up on a machine not specifically designed for it.

Nevertheless, I had absolutely no desire to give up, even though I knew I needed to wake up at 5:30 AM. By half past one this morning, I finally managed to get a working board printed. It’s not perfect – it definitely has some visual defects – but it works, and that felt like the most important thing. At least, that's what I told myself when I realized I only had about four hours left to get some sleep.

Anyway, I managed to sleep a little bit on the bus, so I feel pretty okay now. I’m watching the scenery go by out the window as we ride through Austria, enjoying the landscapes. They're quite pretty. I haven’t seen Artem in a while and can’t wait to hang out with him today.
