+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-04-30 22:08 +0200"
mood = 7
+++

Okay, so I'm getting better at killing my bad habits. There's still a lot of room to optimize the available time during the day, but I already rarely doom-scroll Reddit or YouTube. And when I do, I've started to quickly recognize it and immediately correct course.

However, I still struggle with sticking to my good habits. The most obvious one is sleep. For the last week, or perhaps even two, I've been falling asleep later than my scheduled time. That's something I believe is the most worthwhile thing to fix, as it potentially influences my performance and mood during all my other activities.

But it's not just sleep. This entry is a good example of that. I used to write in my diary first thing in the morning, but now I'm doing it late in the evening.

What's even worse, yesterday I completely forgot to take my daily selfie and only remembered in the middle of the night. I can clearly recall the realization that I'd lost the streak hitting me, right before that awful feeling of losing everything you've been working on for so long. Luckily, after checking the clock, it was 23:59:30. I managed to quickly get up, turn on the light, and snap an awkward, rushed picture. Just seconds before midnight, I managed to save the streak of 82 days.

It was actually a pretty stressful experience. Like, it seems to be just a minor thing, so what's the reason to be so stressed out about it? But after thinking about the situation, I came to the realization that it's not really about having a one-day gap in my gallery of daily photos, but rather about losing the proof of being the person I want to be.

All those little challenges and semi-important habits are really just a way to prove to myself that I'm the kind of guy I want to be. To prove to myself that I'm constantly growing and absolutely not okay with falling behind. Basically, it's part of my identity, the image I hold of myself, my marker on the map towards becoming a better version of myself.

I'm afraid of getting lost. Life is often foggy, and it's hard to have a clear picture of where you're heading. I've already experienced this, and I know that no matter how lost I am, I'll always look for the path and eventually find it. Nevertheless, it's just much easier not to get off that path in the first place, so I don't have to look for it later.