+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-05-10 18:05 +0200"
mood = 7
+++

Yesterday, I got an email from a recruiter. They told me I passed the first two rounds of the interview. There are two more scheduled for next week. On top of that, there's also going to be an hour-long online meeting with a manager. He's based in the US, not in the local office. It feels kinda weird because I was originally told it would be an offline meeting in Prague. We'll see how it goes.

I've also created a schedule, just as I planned. It seems pretty decent:

- *05:30*
    > Wake up, Hydrate, Light Movement / Stretching
- *05:45 - 06:45*
    > Focused Reading / Learning
- *06:45 - 07:00*
    > Breakfast
- *07:00 - 07:45*
    > Journaling & Daily Planning
- *08:00 - 09:00*
    > Gym / Exercise
- *09:30 - 09:45*
    > Shower
- *09:45 - 12:15*
    > Work Block 1 (2.5 hrs) - Focus on most important project/task. Strictly no distractions
- *12:15 - 12:30*
    > Lunch Break (Step away from desk)
- *12:30 - 15:00*
    > Work Block 2 (2.5 hrs) - Continue project or tackle secondary complex task/learning
- *15:00 - 15:30*
    > Break / Walk / Active Rest
- *15:30 - 16:30*
    > Work Block 3 (1 hr) - Emails, planning, organizing, less demanding tasks
- *17:00 - 19:00*
    > Streaming while doing any stuff
- *19:00 - 19:15*
    > Dinner
- *19:15 - 20:30*
    > Spare Time
- *20:30 - 21:00*
    > Wind-Down - Strictly no screens/work. Listening to music, light stretching
- *21:00*
    > Lights Out (Aiming for 8 - 8.5 hours sleep)

Now, the next goal is to actually start following it :)

Since it's a weekday, I decided to take it a bit easier and not overload myself. Nevertheless, this morning was pretty productive. I also cooked the 3 kilos of turkey I bought yesterday. It's incredibly delicious!

The only thing left for today is to stream for a few hours. I'm feeling the vibe to solve some programming problems today. I'm actually sticking quite well to the habit of going live every day.