+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-03-30 21:54 +0200"
mood = 8
+++

I'm writing this a bit late, so I'll be quick. It was a great day. I managed to get a lot done while still relaxing properly. In the morning, right after the gym, my friend Artem suggested renting bicycles and riding around. I haven't ridden a bicycle for a while now, so I obviously agreed. We had a lot of fun. I'd already forgotten how nice such a little thing as riding a bike could feel.

Today, I finished the PCB and did it live on Twitch. I've decided to keep a strict streaming schedule: every day at 4 p.m. for at least two hours. The most interesting thing is that I wasn't sitting alone. There was one viewer who watched the progress from start to finish. I streamed for 4 hours, and somewhere after the first hour, he wrote in the chat, and we started chatting.

Damn, I really struggle to speak fluently. It's already a kinda weird experience talking to a camera, and doing it in English makes it even harder. Clearly, I lack the regular practice needed to recall words immediately and not think about grammar. Nevertheless, I greatly enjoyed it. The person who watched and chatted with me told me how he found me: he saw me on the r/ErgoMechKeyboards subreddit, then found my website. There, he'd been reading my public diary, saw the entry where I wrote about deciding to start streaming, and that's how he found my Twitch. To say I was impressed is to say nothing. I wasn't expecting anyone to be interested in my diary, let alone join my stream because of it. He said a lot of kind words, and I was really pleased to hear them.

It seems so small, but it still grants wonderful emotions. I understand that this person might just lose interest in what I'm doing and forget about me in just a few days. However, I'm ok with that. I knew I wasn't going to have many viewers - not even a small, consistent number - for a long time. I'm ready to go live and sit alone, as I basically lose nothing. I can share my work, improve my communication and English skills, have a great time, and get the chance to chat with cool people once in a while. Honestly, I wasn't expecting it to be such a potentially self-improving hobby. Now I've tasted it, and it seems like something I might be ready to do full time. Yeah, I might be a bit delusional, but who knows how it will turn out.