+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-05-03 23:08 +0200"
mood = 3
+++

I feel so down right now. It's not like I have a lot to say, either, since not much has really changed. It feels like the tension just finally broke some threshold, and my mood took a deep dive to the bottom.

As I wrote yesterday, my plan was to work offline and dedicate my live broadcasts purely to entertainment. However, nothing went as I expected. I barely managed to do any work because I just didn't feel like doing it. I was constantly looking for ways to distract myself. 

My stream didn't go well either. I decided to download League of Legends and play it on stream. I used to play it a lot, but I dropped the game completely about two years ago. Now I clearly remember why. It's not that the game itself is bad, or that the gameplay wasn't satisfying. There was this constant feeling deep inside me that I was wasting my time. Even though I could push that feeling away for periods, it never really stopped haunting me. And honestly, that feeling is completely justified, as I really do get nothing out of playing it except wasted time.

I know I clearly lack deep relationships right now, but it's also clear that this isn't something that gets fixed in a week or even a month. I also understand that I have a lot of responsibilities and countless tasks I have to prioritize. They seem never-ending.

Solving my problems one by one, finding new ways to do things better, and managing not to go crazy no longer feels like a great achievement, but more like the baseline requirement just to survive.
