+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
date = "2025-04-18 10:31 +0200"
mood = 6
+++

Yesterday felt okay, like I'm slowly starting to solve problems one by one. My diary has definitely been helping me a lot with that. However, I still feel like my journaling process could be better. For instance, I often want to write things down during the day, not wait until the next morning. Having each day in a separate file also feels suboptimal. And while the mood scale is a cool idea in theory, my mood often jumps around so much during the day that a single rating feels inaccurate and hard to compare meaningfully across days.

These thoughts are feeding into a bigger plan: I want to redesign my website, taking these journaling limitations and a lot more into account. Honestly, I wasn't expecting this whole thing to go that far. But before I can really dive into the website project, I need to migrate my main setup from Linux to macOS.

I'm doing this reluctantly. I much prefer Linux, especially NixOS which adds incredible reliability and reproducibility to the mix, offering limitless possibilities. But running Linux on closed hardware like a MacBook introduces too many trade-offs at this point. In recent days alone, I've run into trouble with essential software like OBS Studio, Orca Slicer, and FreeCAD. Beyond specific apps, there are persistent quirks like broken display scaling, the absence of hardware video decoding/encoding, and no DisplayPort support to connect an external monitor properly.

Ideally, I'd buy a laptop with a much more open approach (like a Framework Laptop), but I'm too broke for that right now. Besides, that would probably come with its own trade-offs, like shorter battery life or a worse color accuracy. Apple Silicon MacBooks are great machines; my only real problem with them is the closed nature of the company and the lock-in ecosystem. But I guess, for me, there just isn't a better practical option right now.