+++
layout = '../../layouts/Markdown.astro'
title = "The Diary That Talked Back"
date = "2025-03-11 20:29 +0100"
summary = "I fed my diary to an AI and got way more than I bargained for"
+++

It happened again. I put off writing in my diary all day, only to speedrun it in the evening. Honestly, I'm way too forgiving with myself. I ignored the "opt-out" rule I set on Sunday, and as a result, I lost a big chunk of today's time. I'm really tired of this lifestyle. Tomorrow *will* be different, I promise.

Yesterday, I shipped another keyboard, this time to California. It's such a joy to realize people use and enjoy something you've created. I'll be brave enough to say that it's probably one of the greatest feelings ever. It gives you a really deep sense of purpose and the motivation to keep going.

The day before yesterday, I had a fascinating idea. I combined my entire diary into one file and fed it to several LLMs. I asked them to analyze it deeply and give me some ideas, patterns, blind spots, tips, and so on. Honestly, I was shocked by the results. I wasn't expecting to get so many insights. I tried it with `Deepseek R1` and `Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking`. Both performed impressively, but Gemini's response felt warmer and had a certain "humanity" to it, to the point where I even felt a bit uncomfortable. It's just so weird to observe such good understanding and support, to the degree that it seems like the person knows me better than I do, and then remembering that the write-up was generated by a big word prediction algorithm. What an insane time we're living in.
